DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in The Story of Vestroia!
RUNO: Yeah my Dad's totally stoked that you decided
to stay with us!
He said, \"we're gonna get a lot more customers
with you working for us!\"
Really?
Mhmm.
I won't be the star attraction anymore...
You'll get all the attention now!
Wait Dan!
Michael's planning to wipe out Vestroia!
Hi Runo!
Oh!
ALICE: I haven't told anyone about
my Grandfather Michael yet...
Maybe it's time...
Hey Runo... You awake?
[mumbling]
...liver kabobs...
[\u266a]
I must be doing something right...
I never thought I'd get invited to a place like this.
It's 'cause you got talent boss!
You climbed to tenth place in the rankings
in just a few days!
Yeah you're right!
I deserve this!
Hey!
I'm looking for the party for the top ten
international Bakugan players?
Is this the place?
Yeah.
That's good!
My ranking is number two...
I'm Klaus Von Herzen.
I'm Chan Lee...
My ranking is third place!
My name's Julio Santana
I'm in fourth place!
And I'm...
Komba O'Charlie...
My ranking is fifth place.
Nice to meet ya, I'm Billy Gilbert...
I've got the tenth place spot now!
Yeah!
Ha! Double digits!
Which means that the first
and sixth to ninth ranked battlers
aren't here yet...
I guess they're running late.
So what's up?
When does this so-called party get started anyway?
Yeah, I don't see any decorations?
You're right...
But according to the map on this card...
We're in the right place.
Listen...
It's not every day that the world's top ranked
Bakugan players are in the same room together...
Would any of you be interested
in a little game?
OK... Sure. I'm up for that!
Count me in...
I know you all would think I didn't have the skills
if I tried to back out on you.
Yeah.
I'm up for a battle.
That sounds like fun to me!
And you?
I'm in! Let's do it!
Yeah!
Bakugan! Field open!
If all five of us are in agreement...
For the record this will be an exhibition battle.
No wait...
Speed Play!
What is a Speed Play?
Let's make it a Bakugan Royal Battle...
Since we're all in this together!
Sure I'll go along with that.
I'm into it.
Let's get started!
Okay!
Here we go!
Gate card, set!
All right!
The game is on!
Go Cycloid!
Let me at 'em boss!
Bakugan brawl!
Cycloid stand!
Ability card activate!
Right Gigante!
Just try coming at me!
I'll make you a member of my special club!
Ha! What a loudmouth!
Bakugan brawl!
Harpus stand!
Ventus Harpus!
Ability card activate!
Feather blaster!
Ha!
Ability activate!
Huh? What?
Face of rage!
You won't be able to beat
Fourtress's combined talents...
Beauty and strength!
Yeah!
Haos Tentaclear's eyes have got you!
You can't move!
[laughter]
Perfect!
I didn't expect a battle with the top ranked players
would be this much fun!
You sound confident Klaus!
Where's your Bakugan?
Shoot it and get in the game!
Well...
It's already in the battle!
Ability card activate!
OK! Use your singing voice on them!
[struggling]
[\u266a]
Allow me to introduce my beloved Aquos Sirenoid!
[evil laughter]
[thunderclap]
Who's there!
My name is Masquerade.
You're the number one ranked player!
So you've heard of me before?
What do you want?
Have you come to join the battle?
No but look at your feet.
What is this?
The floor has disappeared?
Is this some kind of trick?
Where are we?
Hey!
Take us back to our world right now!
I'll take you back soon enough.
Humans...
Kneel before me...
Your new master!
MASQUERADE: I brought you all here today
for an important reason...
I want you to get rid of Dan Kuso
and the Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
That will be your mission.
Ha! Easy...
It will be an honor to take him down.
Oh yeah.
You want him out...
No problem!
Come on...
When do we start?
He's history!
He doesn't have a chance!
You said it boss!
ALICE: Oh no!
Look at the time!
I overslept!
Ah!
Good morning Alice!
I'm so sorry!
I just couldn't get to sleep last night...
and that's the reason I slept in.
It's all right dear...
We're just happy to have you staying here with us...
You should take it easy on your day off anyway.
Oh?
Um, where's Runo?
At the store...
She'll be back...
I just sent her out to get a couple of things!
At the store?
Oh I see.
ALICE: I finally get the courage
to tell Runo about my grandfather
and she's not even here.
I know I'll go tell Dan...
Oh but?
What-do-you-mean?
Huh?
That old man Michael is your grandfather?
Uh...
No maybe I won't tell him just yet!
MARUCHO: If you had called ahead Alice...
I would have gladly sent a car
to come pick you up you know.
What an honour.
This is quite extraordinary,
you coming to visit me all by yourself.
I hope that your visit has been satisfactory so far
and everything is all right?
Well, I...
Marucho, I have something really important
to tell you...
Really? What's that?
A confession...
Something I need you to hear me say.
Uh?
What you...
Have to confess something to me?
Marucho...
It's you...
I always thought you were--
My grandfather Michael...
What?
You always thought I was your grandfather Michael?
Alice...
What'd you say?
You know that missing scientist
Michael Gehahbich...?
Well he's my grandfather.
MARUCHO: Whaaaaaaat?
Wha?
Really?
Michael is your grandfather?
Whoa...
No way!
Yes...
That day...
That day when the Bakugan and all the cards appeared...
that was when my grandfather disappeared...
Then one day about six months later...
Grandfather?
Grandfather!
What?
What's this?
My grandfather saw my Bakugan card
and seemed very surprised...
But the strange thing is...
That day when Dan met Drago,
my grandfather disappeared again...
And I haven't seen or heard a thing from him since.
You kept that a secret from us?
Thanks for telling us, Alice...
Oh man, that must have been hard.
Oh!
I'm sorry...
I thought you'd overreact.
I had you all wrong.
You overreact?
Nooooo!
Runo and Alice!
I think you're just trying to get Dan's attention!
No Julie that's not true!
Why would we want to do that!
That's so lame!
DRAGO: Alice...
Have you heard anything about the collapse
of Vestroia?
Nothing, Drago.
But if all the stories we've been hearing are true
and my grandfather really did go to Vestroia...
We may find something if we go to his laboratory.
Unfortunately it's in Moscow.
I guess we'll have to go to his laboratory then!
Sure \"Let's go!\"
But didn't you listen to Alice's story...
Her grandfather's lab is in Moscow!
It's important we go there!
Yeah sure.
That's great.
Just how are we gonna do that?
Leave it to me...
I know a way!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back...
Battle on!
Bye, I'm off to Moscow!
Maam, please don't worry
I assure you I will take good care of your son.
Thanks for the delicious fruit basket
you really didn't have to do that.
And I know Dan is very excited about this trip!
Huh? Fruit basket?
Uh? Yes!
Please take care of our boy...
He can be a bit of a handful.
See ya Mom! See ya Dad!
COMPUTER VOICE: Warning! Warning!
Main gate open...
Full ignition start...
Firing engine number one!
Firing engine number two!
Standby for launch!
Oh wow! Awesome!
Oh my stomach!
I'll lose my lunch!
Whoaaaaaa!
KATO: Sir, I'm going to do a flyover
Master Shun's dojo now.
DAN: He is such a show-off !
MARUCHO: Sorry there's no in flight movie, guys
but would anyone like some peanuts
or a moist towelette, perhaps?
KATO: Sir we're entering Moscow airspace!
ALICE: Look!
There's my grandfather's laboratory down there!
Kato can you put the plane down in that area?
Why of course sir.
No problem!
Is anybody home?
There's no one here!
It kinda looks lived in...
I must admit Alice
I didn't expect it to be so clean...
I was expecting it to be much dustier
with cobwebs all over the place.
ALICE: That's because I come by every once and while
and clean.
DAN: And I thought tidying up my room was tough!
Well... If there are any clues as to where my grandfather is...
They would be here.
RUNO: Okay guys let's split up and see what we can find!
Right!
Let's do this!
Tigrerra, do you feel it?
Yes Drago... I do.
Yeah.
Since we got here, I've been feeling really jumpy.
I can't seem to shake it!
I just want to jump up and down!
You're always jumpy Preyas!
Whoa! Lighten up Draggie!
You're the one that brought up the weird feeling
in this place!
Oop-sey!
Yikes! What a face!
My grandfather!
Michael?
This is Michael G.
I am recording this from my research lab.
Extraordinary things have been happening...
Hey let me see what's going on!
Oh! Hold on!
Wow!
For the last few years I have been developing
a Dimension Transporter System...
This system is designed to transport something
from one place to another place instantaneously.
But one day while working in my laboratory
something very unusual happened...
[grunting, struggling]
AAAhhhh!
A major accident occurred
as I was conducting a routine experiment.
Although I didn't know it at the time
I later learned that I had inadvertently
opened a gate to a different world.
It was to a place called Vestroia,
and as unbelievable as it sounds,
there were monster-like creatures living there...
[roar]
My name is Naga...
Tell me, how does a human like you
end up in my world?
And there I was...
Face to face with the Dragonoid called Naga!
It happened just like you said Drago.
[evil laugh]
I can use this.
What...
what is that card?
What are you going to use it for?
When I came to, I was back in the human world.
But to my surprise,
in our world six months had passed by...
I realized there...
That time moves at different speeds in our world...
And in the world of Vestroia
it is completely different as well...
But even more surprising,
the accident with the Dimension Transporter System
caused the protons
of the field energy to collapse...
And as a result these protons subdivided
and fell to Earth as card-shaped energy bodies.
During the six months that I was gone...
Children had taken the cards that had been
scattered all over earth
and created the Bakugan game...
I was alarmed when I realized that these Bakugan
were the living creatures that I saw in Vestroia...
These card-shaped energy bodies were absorbing
the living creatures in Vestroia
and then transporting them to our world...
And it seems these creatures can only stay
in the human world in the form of a ball.
A truly ingenious transport system...
It is only on the battlefield,
which has the same dimensional structure as Vestroia
that they can go back to their original forms.
They have crossed over...
Darn! Come on! Finish the story!
Chill out!
At least now we know that Alice's grandfather
did go to Vestoia...
So it's all true.
I'm sorry...
Alice...
It's not your fault, you don't need to apologize.
All hope is lost!
Huh? Grandfather?
I am called HAL-G...
Bow down before me!
Hal-G?
Vestroia and the human world...
will be destroyed...
By the power of the great Naga!
[evil laughter]
What happened to him?
It's the effects of minus power!
Minus power...?
When we arrived here,
Drago, Preyas and I all felt the minus power in this place.
Yeah it makes me jumpy!
Look how jumpy I am!
I can't stop jumping up and down!
Whoa!
That minus power really has an effect on you guys!
You feel it?
Yes, all Bakugan that are exposed to minus power...
find their inner darkness grows
and they become ferocious...
I suppose it's the same with humans as well...
Over here!
Everyone look at this!
I saw something on the video screen.
Wait! I'll zoom in!
ALICE: Oh no that's...
DAN: Masquerade!
HAL-G and Masquerade?
So they've been working together.
That figures...
Those creeps...
Oh! My grandfather!
It can't be!
Hal-G said he works under Naga...
So Naga must control Masquerade as well.
That means we must find the Infinity Core
before they do!
Or else there will be dire consequences
for both our worlds!
But how? Where is it?
Drago we don't even know where to start looking for it!
There may be a clue to its whereabouts
in Bakugan Valley.
Bakugan Valley?
Oh!
I know that place it's near the caves by my house.
You can catch a lot of Bakugan there.
But there are icky bats.
Lots of Bakugan?
No humans have ever gone
deep into those caves before.
We still have to check it out.
Right!
Let's do it!
Now, are you all with me!
Luckily it won't take long for us
to get to Bakugan Valley in this!
Hey Shun! What are you doing?
Let's go!
That's them...
That's who we're going after!
Great...
It'll be easy!
See you soon, Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
[quiet laugh]
JULIE: Coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
the rest of the gang and I meet up in Bakugan Valley
and boy, oh boy is it a strange place.
We go deep inside the caves
in search of the Infinity Core
but what we really need to search for
is some courage.
Especially when we get our first look at Vestroia.
I gotta admit it's all a little bit much for me to take
but I hang in there
'cause I don't want to let the team down.
The deeper we go the creepier it gets!
I'm just glad Dan's here to protect me.
He will protect me right?
Anyway you don't want to miss it!
Battle on Brawlers!